README.md, before:

# Awesome LEGO

## CAD

- [ldraw](http://ldraw.org) - Open standard for LEGO CAD programs that allow the user to create virtual LEGO models and scenes.
- [lic](https://code.google.com/p/lic) - Lic is a cross-platform, Python, OpenGL & Qt powered desktop application for creating and editing LEGO instruction books.
- [Lego Digital Designer](http://ldd.lego.com/de-de) - Design your greatest robot with Lego Digital Designer.
- [Konstruktor](https://github.com/segfault87/Konstruktor) - A LDraw-compatible CAD for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X.
- [bricksmith](http://bricksmith.sourceforge.net) - Virtual Lego modeling for your Macintosh.
- [sr3dbuilder](http://sr3dbuilder.altervista.org) - The most advanced LEGO PC CAD for Technic model.
- [LDCad](http://melkert.net/LDCad) - LDCad is a multiplatform LDraw (virtual LEGO) editor that lets you edit LDraw model documents in real-time.
- [mlcad](http://mlcad.lm-software.com) - The ultimative CAD program for creating Lego like building instructions of your own models.
- [lpub4](http://lpub4.sourceforge.net) - LPub is a program that allow the production of step by step building instructions for LEGO models created using the LDraw file format.
- [openldraw](https://github.com/HazenBabcock/openldraw) - A CAD program for designing LEGO(R) MOCs.
- [LeoCAD](http://leocad.org) - A CAD program for creating virtual LEGO models.


## Archives

- [brickset](http://brickset.com) - Your LEGO set guide.
- [rebrickable](http://rebrickable.com) - Combine your LEGO sets to create other sets
- [brickimedia](http://brickimedia.org) - An open project to create the largest LEGO fan network on the web
	- [brickipedia](http://en.brickimedia.org/) -  A collaboratively written free online LEGO encyclopedia.
	- [brickimedia customs](http://customs.brickimedia.org/) - Content made by its own contributors.
	- [LEGO Stories](http://stories.brickimedia.org/) - Wiki devoted to housing LEGO fanfiction.
	- [LEGO Ideas](http://ideas.brickimedia.org) - Wiki for collecting LEGO ideas.
- [lugnet](http://lugnet.com) - International LEGO Users Group Network and global community of LEGO enthusiasts.
- [peeron](http://peeron.com) - Partial listing of the parts in official LEGO sets.


## Software Libraries

- [seankross/lego](https://github.com/seankross/lego) - R data package featuring every Lego set from 1970 to 2014
- [rioforce/LEGO-Textures](https://github.com/rioforce/LEGO-Textures) - Textures scanned from real LEGO bricks.
- [NateJacobs/Brickset-API](https://github.com/NateJacobs/Brickset-API) - Access LEGO set information using the Brickset API.


## Links

- [rebrickable.com/about](http://rebrickable.com/about) - Link collection at the bottom of the page.
- [bricks stackexchange](http://bricks.stackexchange.com) - Question and answer site for LEGO and building block enthusiasts.


## Marketplace

- [bricklink](http://bricklink.com) - Unofficial LEGO Marketplace.
- [brickpicker](http://brickpicker.com) - LEGO price and investing guide.


## Models

- [fuddl/BrickDock](https://github.com/fuddl/BrickDock) - A Dock compatible with the iPhone 5 made from LEGO bricks.


## Add-ons

- [bitbeam](https://github.com/hugs/bitbeam) - LEGO technic compatible wooden beams.


## YouTube Channels

- [LEGO](https://www.youtube.com/user/LEGO) - Official LEGO channel
- [akiyuky](https://youtube.com/user/akiyuky) - Various LEGO technic contraptions.
- [MlCHAELHlCKOXFilms](https://www.youtube.com/user/MlCHAELHlCKOXFilms) - Stop motion LEGO videos.

Commit message:

Add section for online editors

README.md, after:

# Awesome LEGO

## CAD

- [ldraw](http://ldraw.org) - Open standard for LEGO CAD programs that allow the user to create virtual LEGO models and scenes.
- [lic](https://code.google.com/p/lic) - Lic is a cross-platform, Python, OpenGL & Qt powered desktop application for creating and editing LEGO instruction books.
- [Lego Digital Designer](http://ldd.lego.com/de-de) - Design your greatest robot with Lego Digital Designer.
- [Konstruktor](https://github.com/segfault87/Konstruktor) - A LDraw-compatible CAD for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X.
- [bricksmith](http://bricksmith.sourceforge.net) - Virtual Lego modeling for your Macintosh.
- [sr3dbuilder](http://sr3dbuilder.altervista.org) - The most advanced LEGO PC CAD for Technic model.
- [LDCad](http://melkert.net/LDCad) - LDCad is a multiplatform LDraw (virtual LEGO) editor that lets you edit LDraw model documents in real-time.
- [mlcad](http://mlcad.lm-software.com) - The ultimative CAD program for creating Lego like building instructions of your own models.
- [lpub4](http://lpub4.sourceforge.net) - LPub is a program that allow the production of step by step building instructions for LEGO models created using the LDraw file format.
- [openldraw](https://github.com/HazenBabcock/openldraw) - A CAD program for designing LEGO(R) MOCs.
- [LeoCAD](http://leocad.org) - A CAD program for creating virtual LEGO models.


## Online Editors

- [publishyourdesign](http://www.publishyourdesign.com/design) - Build virtual creations with dozens types of Lego pieces.
- [buildwithchrome](https://www.buildwithchrome.com) - Build a LEGO model on a 32 x 32 baseplate and share it with everybody on a world map.


## Archives

- [brickset](http://brickset.com) - Your LEGO set guide.
- [rebrickable](http://rebrickable.com) - Combine your LEGO sets to create other sets
- [brickimedia](http://brickimedia.org) - An open project to create the largest LEGO fan network on the web
	- [brickipedia](http://en.brickimedia.org/) -  A collaboratively written free online LEGO encyclopedia.
	- [brickimedia customs](http://customs.brickimedia.org/) - Content made by its own contributors.
	- [LEGO Stories](http://stories.brickimedia.org/) - Wiki devoted to housing LEGO fanfiction.
	- [LEGO Ideas](http://ideas.brickimedia.org) - Wiki for collecting LEGO ideas.
- [lugnet](http://lugnet.com) - International LEGO Users Group Network and global community of LEGO enthusiasts.
- [peeron](http://peeron.com) - Partial listing of the parts in official LEGO sets.


## Software Libraries

- [seankross/lego](https://github.com/seankross/lego) - R data package featuring every Lego set from 1970 to 2014
- [rioforce/LEGO-Textures](https://github.com/rioforce/LEGO-Textures) - Textures scanned from real LEGO bricks.
- [NateJacobs/Brickset-API](https://github.com/NateJacobs/Brickset-API) - Access LEGO set information using the Brickset API.


## Links

- [rebrickable.com/about](http://rebrickable.com/about) - Link collection at the bottom of the page.
- [bricks stackexchange](http://bricks.stackexchange.com) - Question and answer site for LEGO and building block enthusiasts.


## Marketplace

- [bricklink](http://bricklink.com) - Unofficial LEGO Marketplace.
- [brickpicker](http://brickpicker.com) - LEGO price and investing guide.


## Models

- [fuddl/BrickDock](https://github.com/fuddl/BrickDock) - A Dock compatible with the iPhone 5 made from LEGO bricks.


## Add-ons

- [bitbeam](https://github.com/hugs/bitbeam) - LEGO technic compatible wooden beams.


## YouTube Channels

- [LEGO](https://www.youtube.com/user/LEGO) - Official LEGO channel
- [akiyuky](https://youtube.com/user/akiyuky) - Various LEGO technic contraptions.
- [MlCHAELHlCKOXFilms](https://www.youtube.com/user/MlCHAELHlCKOXFilms) - Stop motion LEGO videos.
